README.md, before:

### Hey!

I'm Patrick, from Vienna, Austria and currently studying Information & Software Engineering at the [TU Wien](https://tuwien.ac.at). Besides that I work as a Cloud Platform Engineer, a System Administrator and sometimes as a voluntary EMT🚑.

### Things that I know
- **Kubernetes** - Or more specifically Openshift, which I administer. From Application development built for it to running and setting it up, I've done it all.
- **Java** - My first and still current Programming language of choice.
-   **Spring Boot** - Well there doesn't exist anything better for Java Standalone Applications.
- **C#** - Some knowledge since I learned it in school, but I still lack some best-practices since I use it rarely.
- **Software Architecture** - I better do, as this is my main study field.
- **Windows Server** - Not that I really enjoy administering these servers.
- **Linux Server** - I would say I have some experience after working with them for some time. Especially with Debian/Ubuntu and RHEL.
- **Baremetal** - I am not afraid from getting a little bit hands-on with the servers. 😏
- **Networking** - I would say amateur level, VLANs are no problem, including Firewalling. But actual Switch/Router config is not my thing.

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=idea,java,aws,bitbucket,cs,dotnet,debian,docker,gitlab,grafana,graphql,hibernate,jenkins,kubernetes,latex,mongodb,nginx,openshift,powershell,rabbitmq,redhat,redis,rider,spring,sentry)](https://skillicons.dev)

<!--
**PatrickZdarsky/PatrickZdarsky** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with more details on software expertise
Added additional details about Service oriented Architecture and Distributed Services.

README.md, after:

### Hey!

I'm Patrick, from Vienna, Austria and currently studying Information & Software Engineering at the [TU Wien](https://tuwien.ac.at). Besides that I work as a Cloud Platform Engineer, a System Administrator and sometimes as a voluntary EMT🚑.

### Things that I know
- **Kubernetes** - Or more specifically Openshift, which I administer. From Application development built for it to running and setting it up, I've done it all.
- **Java** - My first and still current Programming language of choice.
  - **Spring Boot** - Well there doesn't exist anything better for Java Standalone Applications.
- **C#** - Some knowledge since I learned it in school, but I still lack some best-practices since I use it rarely.
- **Software Architecture** - I better do, as this is my main study field.
  - Service oriented Architecture and Distributed Services are my main passion where I really enjoy to leverage event- and domain driven design 
- **Windows Server** - Not that I really enjoy administering these servers.
- **Linux Server** - I would say I have some experience after working with them for some time. Especially with Debian/Ubuntu and RHEL.
- **Baremetal** - I am not afraid from getting a little bit hands-on with the servers. 😏
- **Networking** - I would say amateur level, VLANs are no problem, including Firewalling. But actual Switch/Router config is not my thing.

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=idea,java,aws,bitbucket,cs,dotnet,debian,docker,gitlab,grafana,graphql,hibernate,jenkins,kubernetes,latex,mongodb,nginx,openshift,powershell,rabbitmq,redhat,redis,rider,spring,sentry)](https://skillicons.dev)

<!--
**PatrickZdarsky/PatrickZdarsky** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
